of all the classic Disney stories all
the miraculous Adventures of all the
magical tales
there has never been anything like in
chanteys
thank you because no other story has
ever taken you to a land a strange and
terrifying as ours oh my I was wondering
if what if you plates drive me to the
karat gold watches William grumpy
nobody's been very nice to me you help
them welcome to New York
thank you I seek a beautiful girl I'd
like to find one of them to you know
their world and our world I think she
may be a real princess are about to
collide all right everyone let's tidy
things off oh my gosh and nothing will
ever be the same
this Thanksgiving how does she know
don't see it's okay you know let's just
walk one ordinary man we'll have to get
them back home before time runs out
magic mirror I beg you tell me where she
is
reporting from 116th and Broadway 116th
and Broadway huh
Thank You Mira Walt Disney Pictures
presents the motion picture event of the
holidays you've let your Moscow Beast
ha ha ha are you crazy
nobody stabs my buzz don't you run away
from me crazy tight weird
enchanted
Oh
you